HaSeul: We have arrived at the MV filming site
HaSeul: Our main star! Let’s cheer on until the end…
HaSeul: Fighting!
(All members return home except HyunJin!)
HyunJin: I am so honored!
HyunJin: I’m really grateful to be able to stay till this place…
HaSeul: I hope you capture as much filmworthy content as me (for LOOΠΔ TV)
HyunJin: I’ll pull out my best
HaSeul: Yes, I hope you will
HaSeul: Fighting!!!
HyunJin: Fighting!
HyunJin: This is the MV.. shooting site~
HyunJin: Should we check the monitor!?
HyunJin: Looks like science period~
HyunJin: Kok Kok Kok… (poking)
(Then suddenly! A thundering noise!)
(Studio filming STARTS smoothly!)
HyunJin: Please look forward to [Eclipse] and show it lots of love~
HyunJin: Talented member, Lip!!